Captions made possible by
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, LP.
( baby crying )
DILLON ?
HEY THERE, BUDDY.
WHATCHA DOIN'
AWAKE SO LATE ?
DOES HE LOOK
OKAY TO YOU ?
HE'S JUST FUSSIN'
A LITTLE IS ALL.
HE DOESN'T LOOK
A LITTLE FUNNY ?
OF COURSE HE LOOKS
A LITTLE FUNNY.
THAT'S HIS
DADDY'S NOSE.
HE'S JUST
A LITTLE SLEEPY.
THE BEAR WENT
OVER THE MOUNTAIN
THE BEAR WENT OVER
THERE'S MY
BABY'S SMILE.
WHY DON'T YOU
GO BACK TO BED ?
I'LL BE IN AS SOON
AS HE FALLS ASLEEP.
YOU SURE ?
YEAH, IT'S ALRIGHT,
GO BACK TO SLEEP.
OKAY.
( radio chatter )
YOU'RE STILL HERE ?
WHAT, NO BREAKFAST ?
I'VE GOT TO
GO TO WORK.
YOU WERE A LOT NICER
ONLINE.
YEAH, WELL, PEOPLE AREN'T
ALWAYS WHO THEY SEEM TO BE.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
YOU NEED TO LEAVE.
NOW.
WHATEVER.
SEE YOU IN
THE CHAT ROOMS.
JIM.
( loud heavy metal music )
AGAIN...
HEY.
FUCKING BITCH !
MORNING, MOM.
( Billy on phone )
Bren...
Bren, if you're there
pick up, it's Billy.
Pick up the phone,
Brenda.
FUCK YOU.
Pick up
the fucking phone...
please ?
FUCK YOU.
Look, I need you, Bren,
things are not good.
I...
need".
you.
Brenda...
Goddamnit, fuck !
Bitch !
LOVELY WAY TO
WAKE UP, HUH ?
BRENDA, YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO FACE HIM SOMETIME.
SOMETIME,
JUST NOT NOW.
LET'S GET
MAJOR ESPRESSOS,
TAKE A WALK
ON THE BEACH.
CAN'T, I GOTI'A
GET READY FOR MY TRIP.
WHAT TRIP ?
VEGAS, BABY, VEGAS !
THE ANNUAL WESTERN STATES
FUNERAL DIRECTOR'S CONFERENCE.
WAS THAT TODAY ?
I THOUGHT THAT
WAS MONTHS AWAY.
NO, JUST ME AND DAVID
AND 300 FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
CUTTING LOOSE
IN THE CITY OF SIN.
WHY WOULD YOU DO
THAT TO YOURSELF ?
ONE, WE GET TO
ATTEND HELPFUL SEMINARS
WHERE WE LEARN NEW
TRICKS OF THE TRADE.
TWO, WE GET TO COMMISERATE
WITH ALL THE OTHER SAD FUCKS
WHO ARE BEING EDGED OUT
BY KROEHNER.
THREE, WE HAVE
THE PERFECT OPPORTUNITY
TO GET IN MATI' GILARDI'S FACE
AND TELL HIM
WE KNOW KROEHNER BURNED DOWN
THE HOUSE ACROSS THE STREET.
AH, THE ONGOING
PISSING CONTEST.
THAT'LL BE GOOD
FOR YOU AND DAVID.
YOU'LL HAVE FUN.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH FUN
HE'S GONNA HAVE.
HE'S GIVING THIS
BIG SPEECH ABOUT THE FUTURE OF
THE INDEPENDENT FUNERAL HOME.
DAVID DOESN'T
STRIKE ME
AS THE TYPE OF GUY
WHO GIVES SPEECHES.
MY DAD WAS SCHEDULED
TO DO IT.
DAVE VOLUNTEERED
TO FILL IN.
IT'S KIND OF A BIG DEAL FOR HIM,
HE'S PRETTY NERVOUS ABOUT IT.
CALL ME FROM VEGAS.
I WILL.
UNLESS I'M FLAILING
ABOUT IN A POOL
HAVING SEX
WITH SOME SHOWGIRL.
I'LL MISS YOU.
( phone )
OH, FUCK YOU !
I KNOW THIS IS AN EXCEPTIONALLY
DIFFICULT TIME FOR YOU,
BUT, CAN YOU TELL US
WHAT YOU HAD IN MIND
FOR YOUR SON'S...
I'M SORRY.
WE'RE ONLY HERE
BECAUSE THE HOSPITAL
SUGGESTED WE
CALL YOU GUYS,
WE'RE NOT EVEN SURE
WHAT WE'RE DOING HERE.
HE WAS A PERFECT LY
HEALTHY BABY.
CAN I ASK, WHAT WAS
THE CAUSE OF...
UH, SIDS.
YES, WELL, IF YOU NEED
TO TAKE SOME TIME
BEFORE WE START
MAKING ARRANGEMENTS,
THAT'S COMPLETELY
UNDERSTAN DABLE.
THE ARRANGEMENTS ?
WHAT ARRANGEMENTS ?
FOR HIS FUNERAL.
FUNERAL ?
HE WAS ONLY
THREE WEEKS OLD.
IT MIGHT HELP...
IF YOU THINK OF IT
LESS AS A FUNERAL
AND MORE AS A WAY OF
SAYING GOODBYE TO HIM.
I DON'T WANT TO SAY GOODBYE,
HE JUST BARELY GOT HERE.
OF COURSE IT'S DIFFICULT
FOR ANYONE TO COME TO TERMS
WITH SOMETHING AS UNEXPECTED
AS THIS, BUT...
IT'S NOT
JUST DIFFICU LT.
IT'S NOT EVEN
REMOTELY POSSIBLE.
SOME BABIES ARE JUST
TOO GOOD FOR THIS WORLD.
WE'LL FIX THINGS SO YOU CAN
SPEND AS MUCH TIME WITH HIM
AS YOU NEED.
HOW OLD IS HE ?
BARELY THREE WEEKS.
SIDS ?
YEAH.
OH, JESUS.
YOU SHOULD'VE BEEN HERE
FOR THE INTAKE.
THE PARENTS ARE PRACTICALLY
CHILDREN THEMSELVES.
THEY DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THEY WERE
SUPPOSED TO HAVE A FUNERAL.
WELCOME BACK, RICO.
THAN KS, NATE.
YOU SURE
YOU'RE UP TO THIS ?
YEAH, IT'S NO PROBLEM.
WE'LL ONLY BE GONE
'TIL SUNDAY.
IF YOU NEED ANYTHING,
I CAN HOP ON A PLANE
AND BE BACK HERE
IN AN HOUR AND A HALF.
I'LL BE FINE.
I HAVE SOME OF
YOUR T-SHIRTS HERE,
THEY'RE STILL WARM.
MOM.
OH, DON'T LET ME
STOP YOU.
YOU KNOW, I PROBABLY SHOULD
TAKE A COUPLE OF THOSE T-SHIRTS
WITH ME TO
LAS VEGAS.
DAVID, I WANT TO
ASK YOU SOMETHING.
I'M REALLY KIND OF
IN A HURRY HERE.
I JUST WANTED
TO KNOW...
ARE YOU--
MOM, CAN WE TALK ABOUT THIS
WHEN I GET BACK FROM LAS VEGAS ?
YES, OF COURSE.
THAT'S A LOVELY IDEA.
WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT WHEN
YOU GET BACK FROM LAS VEGAS.
MRS. DIMAS ?
UH, IT'S
CLAIRE FISHER.
I'M SORRY TO
KEEP CALLING,
I WAS JUST
WONDERING IF YOU...
HEARD ANYTHING
FROM GABE YET.
WHAT ?
WHEN ?
OH, MY GOD.
IS HE OKAY ?
WHAT HOSPITAL ?
OKAY, THANK YOU,
MRS. DIMAS, THANK YOU.
YOU ARE LATE.
10 MINUTES.
I KNOW, I'M SORRY.
IT'S OKAY.
I JUST WANT
YOU TO KNOW
THAT I NOTICE THIS
KINDS OF THINGS.
IT WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN,
NIKOLAI.
WE HAVE TO TALK.
IT'S ABOUT
YOUR WORK.
I SAID I WAS SORRY
FOR BEING LATE.
NO, NO, NO, HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH BEING LATE.
IS ABOUT HOW YOU
ARRANGE THE FLOWERS.
WHAT ?
THERE HAVE BEEN COMPLAINTS
FROM SOME OF THE CUSTOMERS.
THERE HAVE NOT.
OH, AFRAID SO.
RUTH, YOU ARE NOT
SO GOOD AT ARRANGING.
I AM TOO.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
FROM NOW ON, ROBBIE WILL
HANDLE ARRANGEMENTS
AND YOU WILL WORK THE REGISTER
AND HELP WITH THE BOOKS.
I DON'T WANT TO HELP
WITH THE BOOKS !
I HELPED MY HUSBAND WITH
THE BOOKS FOR OVER 30 YEARS.
I WANT TO DO
FLOWER ARRANGEMENTS.
TELL ME WHAT'S WRONG
WITH MY ARRANGEMENTS.
NOT ALL ARRANGEMENTS
ARE FOR FUNERALS, CUPCAKE.
YOU THINK MY
ARRANGEMENTS LOOK...
FUNEREAL ?
IT'S LIKE ROBBIE SAID,
THERE HAVE BEEN A FEW
COMPLAINTS FROM SOME CUSTOMERS.
WE DONE TALKING NOW.
ROBBIE WILL DO
THE ARRANGEMENTS.
YOU WILL WORK
ON THE REGISTER.
HEY, ARE YOU GONNA
NAIL GILARDI
FOR THE ARSON JOB
IN YOUR SPEECH ?
NO.
WHY NOT ?
HMM, LET'S THINK.
POSSIBLE LIBEL CHARGES,
MAYBE.
MIND IF I SAY
SOMETHING TO HIM ?
YES, DON'T.
PUSSY.
NATE, DO WE HAVE ANY
EVIDENCE AGAINST HIM ? NO.
APPARENTLY THE POLICE
DON'T EITHER.
I DON'T WANT YOU PICKING
A FIGHT WITH GILARDI.
WHY NOT ?
YOU BASICALLY THREATENED
TO KILL HIM THAT ONE TIME.
( horn )
I'M COMING WITH YOU.
UH, GREAT.
IT'S OKAY ?
YEAH.
I NEED TO
GET OUT OF HERE.
ALRIGHT.
OH, MY GOD,
IS THAT A PENIS ?
RICO !
I'M SORRY.
IT IS,
ISN'T IT ?
YOUR WIFE DOESN'T
WANT ME TO SAY.
THE BABY'S OKAY,
RIGHT ?
THE BABY IS FINE.
BUT YOU HAVE MILD TO
MODERATE PREECLAMPSIA.
WHAT IS
PREECLAMPSIA ?
A 10-DOLLAR WORD FOR
PRENATAL HYPERTENSION.
YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE IS
A LITTLE HIGHER THAN WE'D LIKE.
IT COULD CAUSE YOU AND
THE BABY SOME PROBLEMS,
IF IT GETS
OUT OF HAND,
BUT WE'RE NOT GONNA
LET THAT HAPPEN.
WHAT KIND
OF PROBLEMS ?
LET'S NOT
EVEN GO THERE.
THIS BABY'S FINE.
WORSE COMES TO WORSE,
WE GO IN A LITTLE EARLY,
WE DO A C-SECT ION.
WE'LL TAKE A LOOK
AT YOUR LABS
AND CHECK YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE
IN A DAY OR TWO
AND SEE HOW
WE'RE DOING THEN.
UNTIL THEN, I WANT YOU
ON STRICT BED REST.
I REALLY WOULDN'T
WORRY ABOUT THIS.
THE BABY IS FINE.
HEY.
IF YOU CAME LOOKING
TO COLLECT MORE MONEY
FOR ANTHONY'S FUNERAL,
I'M ALL TAPPED OUT
AT THE MOMENT.
THIS ONE...
SHOOTS UP TOO MUCH
SPEED AND HEROIN.
NOW I'M STUCK PAYING FOR
THIS FANCY-ASS HOTEL ROOM
TO THE TUNE OF
400 BUCKS A POP
I'M GOING OUT FOR
COFFEE AND SMOKES.
SPEED AND HEROIN ?
YEAH, WELL, I THOUGHT
I'D TRY SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
DIFFERENT LIKE WITH
A NEEDLE IN YOUR ARM ?
HEY, WHAT IS THIS ?!
20 FUCKING QUESTIONS ?!
I'VE BEEN THROUGH
THIS ALREADY, ALRIGHT ?
WITH THE DOCTORS,
WITH THE POLICE,
WITH MY MOM.
NOW I GOTTA PUT
YOUR MIND AT EASE, TOO ?
I'M SORRY.
I WOULD'VE BEEN FINE
IF YOU HAD JUST MINDED
YOUR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS.
WELL, EXCUSE ME
FOR GIVING A SHIT !
THIS WASN'T AN ACCIDENT,
WAS IT ?
I WISH YOU WOULD JUST
FUCKING LEAVE ALREADY.
( raising tv volume )
FINE, HERE.
( tv chatter )
"THE EMERGING ROLE
OF FUNERAL DIRECTORS
IN MASS AVIATION
DISASTERS."
THAT SOUNDS LIKE FUN.
DO YOU REALIZE HOW MANY
OF THESE SEMINARS
ARE SPONSORED
BY KROEHNER ?
WHO'S JASMINE BRECKER ?
SHE'S EITHER A FEDERAL JUDGE
OR A SEX SURROGATE,
I HAVEN'T DECIDED YET.
YOU GOT
ANY MATCHES ?
SURE.
THANK YOU.
OKAY, BOYS...
LET'S MINGLE.
WHEN IN ROME.
I THINK MAYBE
MY EXPECTATIONS
OF THIS TRIP
WERE A LITTLE HIGH.
OH, GREAT,
HAPPY HOUR.
WELL, WELL.
THE FISHER BROTHERS.
YOU KNOW,
I WONDERED IF...
YOU'D EVEN
BOTHER TO SHOW.
I UNDERSTAND YOU'LL
BE SPEAKING TOMORROW,
IN PLACE OF
YOUR FATHER.
WHAT WAS YOUR...
TOPIC AGAIN ?
THE FUTURE OF INDEPENDENT
FUNERAL HOMES.
WELL, I'M CERTAINLY
LOOKING FORWARD TO THAT.
I'D INVITE YOU BOYS
TO THE KROEHNER PARTY
AT THE LUXOR,
BUT...
IT'S ONLY
FOR AFFILIATES.
OH, DAMN, 'CAUSE WE'D
REALLY LIKE TO BE THERE.
I MEAN, I'M SURE
YOU CORPORATE LACKEYS
REALLY KNOW
HOW TO PARTY.
HAVE FUN WITH THE OTHER
DINOSAURS, BOYS.
OH, MATT, I HAVE
SOMETHING FOR YOU.
THIS IS A PACK
OF MATCHES.
THIS IS FOR A CAN
OF LIGHTER FLUID.
NEXT TIME YOU NEED TO UNLOAD
SOME CUMBERSOME REAL ESTATE,
YOU'LL BE ALL SET.
NATE, THAT WAS
NOT SMART.
I SHOULD'VE SET
HIS FUCKING HAIR ON FIRE.
BOTTOMS UP.
WELL, BABY,
WHAT I COULDN'T DO
WITH PLENTY OF
MONEY AND YOU
I LOVE LAS VEGAS.
IT HAS TO BE THE MOST
ARTIFICIAL PLACE ON EARTH.
YOU THINK SO,
MORE THAN DISNEYLAND ?
OH, COME ON,
MORE THAN JAPAN.
OOH.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT ARE ALL TH ESE
LITTLE CARTOON EXPLOSIONS
ALL OVER
THEIR BUTTS ?
THEY LOOK LIKE
THEY'RE FARTING.
YEAH, LOOK, COUPONS.
HEY, DAVE, YOU WANNA WALK
ACROSS THE STREET WITH US,
GET SOME OF THAT FAMOUS
LAS VEGAS $4.99 PRIME RIB ?
I HAVE IT ON GOOD AUTHORITY
IT'S JUST AS GOOD AS
THE $6.99 PRIME RIB
OVER THERE.
NO, I THINK I'LL JUST
HEAD UP TO MY ROOM,
ORDER SOME ROOM SERVICE,
MAKE AN EARLY NIGHT OF IT.
YOU SURE ?
YEAH, I SHOULD WORK
ON MY SPEECH, ANYWAY.
OKAY.
WELL, WE'LL SEE YOU
IN THE MORNING.
DON'T DO ANYTHING
I WOULDN'T DO.
NOT LIKELY.
I HAVE TWO WORDS
FOR YOU.
LAP...
DANCE.
WHO SAYS I WANT
A LAP DANCE ?
WHO SAYS
IT'S FOR YOU, BABY ?
OOH, KINKY.
I THOUGHT I LIKE,
TOLD YOU TO LEAVE.
I DROVE ALL THE WAY
OUT HERE TO BARSTOW,
IF YOU THINK I'M JUST GONNA
TURN AROUND AND DRIVE BACK,
YOU'RE SERIOUSLY WHACKED.
THIS IS, LIKE, TOTALLY
BUMFUCK EGYPT OUT HERE.
YOU SPENT THE NIGHT ?
YEAH, I SLEPT
IN MY CAR.
MY MOM STILL HERE ?
NO, SHE WENT OUT
FOR MORE CIGARETTES.
DID YOU SAY ANYTHING
TO HER ABOUT...
NO.
ARE YOU GONNA ?
I HAVEN'T DECIDED.
YOU HUNGRY ?
NO.
I CAN'T EAT THIS HOSPITAL SHIT,
IT ALL TASTES THE SAME.
HERE.
I GOT YOU AN EGG MCMUFFIN 'CAUSE
I KNOW THEY'RE YOUR FAVORITE.
HOW IS IT ?
FUCKING COLD.
BUT GOOD.
THAN KS.
IN THIS CLASS,
WE'RE GONNA BE WORKING ON
FREE FORM
SUMMER ARRANGEMENTS
AND IF WE HAVE ANY TIME
AT THE END OF CLASS,
I'M NOT PROMISING
BECAUSE I WANT US TO GET TO
OUR BREATHING EXERCISES,
BUT IF WE HAVE TIME,
WE MIGHT TRY A SPIKY
ARRANGEMENT OR TWO.
(oohing and ahhing )
BUT FIRST WE'RE GONNA START
BY DOING A LITTLE WORK
TREATING OUR STEMS.
AND WE'RE GONNA START BY
WORKING WITH OUR WOODY STEMS
BECAUSE THEY CAN BE
A LITTLE ON THE TRICKY SIDE
AND REQUIRE
THE MOST T-L-C.
TOUGH LOVING CARE.
OKAY, LET'S START
WITH AN AZALEA,
ONE OF MY FAVORITES.
STARTING AN INCH OR TWO
FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE STEM,
AND IF IT'S A THICK STEM,
WE REALLY HAVE TO SMASH THEM.
WE SPLIT THE STEM
VERTICALLY.
DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHY WE DO THIS ?
ANYONE ?
YES.
SO, IT WILL
DRAW MORE WATER ?
VERY GOOD.
DID EVERYONE
HEAR THAT ?
SO IT WILL DRAW...
MORE WATER.
OKAY, DOES EVERYONE
HAVE THEIR HAMMERS ?
LET'S BEGIN.
HEY.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE IN BED.
I NEEDED TO GET
SOME TURKEY FRANKS
AND MILK FOR JULIO.
WHY DIDN'T
YOU CALL ME ?
I COULD'VE STOPPED HOME
ON MY WAY FROM WORK.
HE HAS A SNACK
AT 3:30.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
CALL YOUR SISTER ?
SHE JUST GOT TWO DAYS
ON A NICHOLAS CAGE MOVIE.
SHE PLAYS THIS HOOKER
WHO WITNESSES A MURDER
SHE WANTS ME TO COME
VISIT HER ON THE SET.
WELL, YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE IN BED.
I GOT BORED,
I WENT TO THE MARKET.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL ?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HOME
THIS TIME OF DAY ANYWAY ?
I CAME HOME FOR LUNCH,
I WAS WORRIED.
RICO, PLEASE,
I'M FINE.
I'M NOT JUST
WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
OKAY.
THIS IS ABOUT
THE BABY AT WORK.
I JUST CAN'T DO IT.
OF COURSE YOU CAN.
HE LOOKS LIKE...
LIKE HE'S SLEEPING.
LIKE A BABY WHO'S
FALLEN ASLEEP.
HE WAS THREE WEEKS OLD,
THERE WAS NOTHING
WRONG WITH HIM.
AND THEN,
JUST LIKE THAT...
HE DIES.
FOR NO REASON.
HOW CAN THAT BE ?
HOW CAN THE BEGINNING AND END
BE SO DAMN CLOSE TOGETHER ?
AND NOW, I'VE GOT THIS
REAL BAD FEELING.
I HAVEN'T DONE A BABY
SINCE JULIO WAS BORN.
DAVID ALWAYS DOES THEM.
SO, MAKE DAVID
DO THIS ONE.
DAVID'S IN VEGAS
UNTIL TOMORROW.
THE VIEWING IS
THIS AFTERNOON.
SOME BABIES JUST AREN'T
MEANT FOR THIS WORLD, RICO.
BUT THIS ONE IS.
IF YOU'LL TURN TO PAGE SEVEN
IN YOUR NOTEBOOKS,
WE'LL GO STEP-BY-STEP TH ROUGH
THE MOST CHALLENGING
CRANIAL FACIAL RECONSTRUCTION
I EVER FACED.
IF WE COULD GO TO
THE NEXT SLIDE, PLEASE
OH, MY GOD.
AW, JESUS.
THAT SHIT IS
FUCKED UP.
NATE, THIS IS
CHLOE YORKIN.
THE JOB FEDERICO LEFT US
TO DO FOR KROEHNER ?
THAT IS LIKE FUCKING
SCIENCE FICTION.
THE FIRST QUESTION MY TEAM
AND I ASKED OURSELVES WAS NOT,
AS IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN AT
A FACILITY WITH LESS RESOURCES,
CAN WE DO THIS ?
THEY DON'T EVEN CREDIT
RICO BY NAME.
OH, MAN, HE'S GONNA
BE FURIOUS.
( laughing )
OH, GOD.
WELL, THAT IS A VERY
GENEROUS OFFER, ROGER,
BUT UNFORTUNATELY I AM IN
A RELATIONSHIP AT THE MOMENT--
DEAL ME IN.
JESUS, BILLY.
HOLD ON.
HEY, HEY, SO,
WHERE'S YOUR BOYFRIEND ?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE ?
I LOVE VEGAS.
YOU KNOW
AND SOMETIMES WHEN MY SISTER
ISN'T THERE WHEN I NEED HER,
I HOP IN MY CAR,
START DRIVING,
AND WIND UP HERE.
BILLY, YOU'RE LYING.
I'M REALLY NOT, OKAY ?
I JUST SAW YOU
AT THE BLACKJACK TABLE.
IT WAS A TOTAL
COINCIDENCE.
YOU'RE
A FUCKING LIAR.
YOU'RE A SELFISH, MANIPULATIVE,
NARCISSISTIC LIAR.
WHAT DID MOM
AND DAD TELL YOU ?
UH, THEY TOLD ME
THAT YOU MADE A BOMB.
THAT'S FUCKING
HILARIOUS.
SO, NOW I'M LIKE,
WHAT, A TERRORIST ?
BILLY MCVEIGH ?
THEY'RE FUCKING
LIARS, BRENDA !
THEY HATE EACH OTHER
AND THEY'RE MISERABLE
AND THEY'RE
JEALOUS OF US
AND THEY WANT US TO
HATE EACH OTHER TOO.
SO, THEY LIE TO US !
NO, THEY LIED TO ME,
YOU LIED TO ME.
YOU LET ME BELIEVE THAT
YOU TRIED TO KILL YOURSELF.
DO YOU KNOW HOW
FUCKED THAT IS ?
YOU KNOW WHAT, I WAS
SO FUCKIN' DRUGGED UP,
I DON'T EVEN REALLY
REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED.
DAD SHOWED ME
WHAT YOU WROTE.
I WAS KIDDING, OKAY ?
IT WASN'T SERIOUS.
DO YOU HAVE
ANY IDEA
WHAT I GAVE UP
FOR YOU ?
BECAUSE I THOUGHT
THAT IF YOU TRIED
TO KILL YOURSELF AGAIN
AND SUCCEEDED
I COULD TELL MYSELF THAT I DID
EVERYTHING I COULD TO SAVE YOU.
AND YOU DID.
YOU HAVE SAVED ME
EVERY DAY SINCE THEN.
YEAH, WELL,
FUCK YOU !
BRENDA !
JUST BACK OFF.
YOU HEARD HER,
NOW, FUCK OFF !
NICE.
ARE YOU OKAY ?
HE FOLLOWED US HERE.
WELL, I HATE TO SAY IT,
BUT I'M NOT ENTIRELY SURPRISED.
VERY NICE.
OH, LUSCIOUS...
THIS IS A LITTLE...
TIGHT.
TIGHT ?
YOU'RE NOT
BREATHING RIGHT.
I'M NOT ?
YOU'RE BREATHING
FROM HERE.
WHEN YOU SHOULD BE
BREATHING FROM HERE.
BUT MY LUNGS
ARE HERE.
OF COURSE THEY ARE.
I'M SPEAKING
METAPHORICALLY.
IF YOU BREATHE
FROM UP HERE,
YOUR ARRANGEMENTS
WILL COME FROM UP HERE.
IF YOU BREATHE
FROM DOWN HERE,
YOUR ARRANGEMENTS WILL
COME FROM DOWN HERE.
AND THAT'S GOOD ?
THAT'S VERY GOOD.
DO YOU DO YOGA ?
NO.
OKAY, WOULD EVERYBODY GRAB
A YOGA MAT IN THE NEXT ROOM ?
WE'RE GONNA DO
SOME BREATHING EXERCISES
BEFORE WE BREAK
FOR DINNER.
YOU'RE A BIT OF
A CONTROL FREAK, AREN'T YOU ?
NO, I'M NOT.
I DON'T THINK I AM.
AMI?
YES.
AND CONTROL FREAKS DO NOT
MAKE GOOD ARRANGERS.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW.
I USED TO BE
A CONTROL FREAK TOO.
BUT, YOU KNOW, WHAT ?
YOU CAN GET OVER IT.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS LEARN TO BREATHE.
ARE YOU ON
ANTI-DEPRESSANTS ?
NO!
OH, WELL, LORD KNOWS I'D BE LOST
WITHOUT MY SAINT JOHN'S WORT.
THERE ARE
COUNTLESS CHALLENGES
FACING INDEPENDENT
FUNERAL HOMES TODAY.
CHANGING SOCIAL ATTITUDES
TOWARD DEATH AND DYING,
ECONOMIC HARDSHIP
IN COMMUNITIES
BOTH LARGE AND SMALL.
OH, WHAT THE HELL ?
WE ALL KNOW WHAT
THE REAL CHALLENGE IS.
HOW ARE YOU DOING TODAY,
MR. GILARDI ?
FINE, THANK YOU.
GLAD TO HEAR IT.
WE ALL KNOW OF
A CERTAIN ORGANIZATION
THAT CONTROLS THE FLOW
OF PREP ROOM SUPPLIES,
CASKETS,
CEMETERY PROPERTY,
AND FLOWERS TO
EVERYONE IN THIS ROOM.
AND BELIEVE ME,
THAT ORGANIZATION WILL STOOP TO
ALMOST ANY MEANS TO MAKE SURE
THAT THE INDEPENDENT
FUNERAL HOME HAS NO FUTURE.
BUT HEAR ME OUT.
MY FATHER WAS IN THIS BUSINESS
FOR OVER 35 YEARS.
HE...
HE THOUGHT IT WAS
OKAY TO TELL PEOPLE
ABOUT A CHEAPER CASKET.
HE DIDN'T ALWAYS TRY TO
TALK PEOPLE OUT OF CREMATION.
THERE WERE EVEN TIMES
I ACTUALLY HEARD HIM SAY,
"TO HELL WITH OUR
PROFIT MARGIN ON THIS."
THESE WORDS ARE HERESY
TO A CERTAIN ORGANIZATION
BECAUSE PROFIT
IS ALL IT CARES ABOUT,
NO MATTER HOW MANY
P.R.-MOTIVATED SEMINARS
IT SPONSORS.
AND THAT ORGANIZATION WANTS
US INDEPENDENTS TO BELIEVE
THAT WE CANNOT AFFORD TO BE
LIKE MY FATHER ANYMORE.
WELL, I'M SORRY,
BUT THAT'S BULLSHIT.
DON'T GET ME WRONG,
MY FATHER WORRIED ABOUT
THE BOTTOM LINE TOO.
BUT HE WORRIED MORE
ABOUT OTHER THINGS,
LIKE COM FORTING PEOPLE,
AND HELPING THEM
FACE PROFOUND LOSS.
MAYBE NOW,
MORE THAN EVER,
WE SHOULD ALL TRY TO BE
A LITTLE MORE LIKE HIM.
THANK YOU.
( whistling )
HOW'D I DO ?
ARE YOU KIDDING ?
YOU KICKED SOME SERIOUS ASS,
YOU BIG FREAK.
YOU DIDN'T COME
HOME LAST NIGHT.
IT'S NOT LIKE IT WAS
A SCHOOL NIGHT.
WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO
MAKE YOU SOMETHING TO EAT ?
YEAH, THAT'D BE GREAT.
DO YOU THINK
I'M A CONTROL FREAK ?
UM, YEAH.
WHERE DO YOU THINK
DAVID GETS IT FROM ?
YOUR FATHER WAS
VERY CONTROLLING.
NOT LIKE YOU.
THAT'S NOT NICE.
YOU ASKED.
YOU'RE NOT AS BAD
AS YOU USED TO BE.
MAY I ASK WHERE
YOU WERE ALL NIGHT ?
IN BARSTOW.
WHAT IN GOD'S NAME
WERE YOU DOING THERE ?
I WAS VISITING A FRIEND OF MINE
WHO'S IN THE HOSPITAL.
WHO ?
GABRIEL DIMAS.
THE YOUNG MAN
WHOSE BROTHER...
YEAH.
WHAT WAS HE DOING
IN THE HOSPITAL ?
HE OD'ed.
GOOD LORD.
CLAIRE...
HE'S OBVIOUSLY
A DEEPLY DISTURBED BOY.
YOU NEED TO STEER
CLEAR OF HIM.
LET HIS FAMILY
DEAL WITH THIS.
WELL, LET'S TAKE STOCK
FOR A SECOND, SHALL WE ?
HIS LITTLE
BROTHER'S DEAD.
HIS FATHER'S DEAD.
HIS STEPFATHER
BEAT HIM UP.
HIS WHITE TRASH MOTHER
WHO SMOKES LIKE A FISH
COULD GIVE A SHIT.
THAT LEAVES NO ONE.
WAS HIS OVERDOSE
AN ACCIDENT ?
OF COURSE IT
WAS AN ACCIDENT.
BECAUSE SOMETIMES
THESE THINGS AREN'T.
AND IF IT WASN'T,
IT COULD HAPPEN AGAIN.
THERE'S AN 80%
CHANCE THAT SOMEONE--
IT WASN'T
A SUICIDE ATTEMPT.
I HOPE FOR HIS SAKE
YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT IF YOU'RE
WRONG, CLAIRE...
I DON'T WANT YOU GETTING
TOO CLOSE TO HIM.
( breathing deeply)
LOOK AT HIM...
HE'S A STAR.
I JUST WANT YOU GUYS
TO MEET SOMEONE.
THIS IS MY BROTHER,
AND UH, PARTNER.
NATHANIEL JR.
AND HIS, UH...
JASMINE.
HEY THERE,
I'M NEIL SCHAGER.
SCHAGER AND SONS
FROM FLAGSTAFF.
RAYMOND DOOLEY.
DOOLEY AND MOSS FUNERAL HOME,
RENO, NEVADA.
MOSS COULDN'T
BE HERE.
BLADDER CANCER.
THAT WAS A HELL OF
A SPEECH DAVID MADE.
ALMOST MADE ME CRY WHEN
THOSE KROEHNER BASTARDS
GOT UP AND LEFT.
THOSE FUCKERS HAVE BEEN
TRYING TO BUY US OUT
FOR FIVE
GODDAMN YEARS.
YOUR FATHER
WAS A GOOD MAN.
YES, HE WAS.
Y'ALL DON'T MIND IF
WE DRAG YOUR LITTLE BROTHER
OUT WITH US,
DO YOU ?
I REALLY SHOULDN'T.
YOU GOTTA LET US BUY YOU
A DRINK AT LEAST.
YOU'RE OUR HERO.
WELL, MAYBE JUST
A QUICK ONE.
QUICK ONE,
MY AUNT FAN NY.
WE'RE GONNA MAKE
A NIGHT OF IT.
HEY, YOU WANT
TO GO WITH ?
THE MORE THE MERRIER.
OH, I DON'T
THINK SO.
WE'RE JUST GONNA
LAY LOW TONIGHT.
YEAH, BUT YOU GUYS
HAVE FUN.
OKAY, YOUR LOSS.
EXCUSE ME.
WE'D JUST LIKE
TO THANK YOU.
VERY MUCH.
HE LOOKS
SO BEAUTIFUL.
I'M GLAD
YOU'RE PLEASED.
MIKE'S MOM AND DAD
DROVE DOWN FROM SALINAS.
YEAH.
THEY NEVER GOT
A CHANCE TO MEET HIM.
NOW IT'S ALMOST
LIKE THEY DID.
DO YOU
HAVE CHILDREN ?
YES, YES, I DO.
I HAVE
A FOUR-YEAR-OLD BOY
AND...
YES.
WE'D LIKE TO BE ALONE
WITH HIM FOR A LITTLE WHILE
IF THAT'S OKAY.
OH, ABSOLUTELY,
ABSOLUTELY.
PLEASE TAKE AS MUCH
TIME AS YOU NEED.
SAY FROMAGE !
FROMAGE.
HEY.
YOU WERE REALLY
GREAT TODAY, NATE.
STANDING UP
TO BILLY.
I FELT LIKE SOME
WHITE TRASH GIRL
WHOSE BOYFRIEND WAS
THE BIGGEST BAD-ASS IN TOWN.
YOUR BROTHER'S
SERIOUSLY ILL, BRENDA.
YEAH, WHATEVER.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT ?
WE'RE IN FAUX PARIS,
SO, LET'S PARTY.
( French song playing )
( dance music playing )
HI.
I'M AMBER.
DAVID.
YOU'RE A LUCKY GUY...
IAM?
VERY.
YOUR FRIEND JUST BOUGHT YOU
A LAP DANCE WITH ME.
EXCUSE ME ?
SO, WHERE YOU FROM,
DAVID ?
THAT IS THE COLDEST PLACE
I EVER LIVED.
WHAT PART OF TOWN
YOU LIVE IN ?
UH, DOWNTOWN.
ARE YOU EVEN
ENJOYING THIS...
AT ALL ?
YEAH, I'M
LOVING IT, WHY ?
BECAUSE...
YOUR DICK ISN'T
RESPONDING ONE BIT.
LOOK, I'M GAY.
IT'S NOT YOU.
HONEY.
IT NEVER IS ME.
WELL, IF YOU'RE GAY.
YOU WON'T MIND IF WE CUT
THIS ONE SHORT, WILL YOU ?
WHAT HAPPENED,
BUDDY ?
POP YOUR CORK
TOO SOON ?
HE'S GAY,
YOU IDIOTS.
I WISH YOU WOULD'VE
TOLD US THAT.
BELIEVE ME, SO DO I.
THANKS FOR
A LOVELY EVENING,
FELLAS.
GREAT, GREAT.
I'LL MEET YOU
OUT FRONT.
THANK YOU.
I GOT YOUR
PHONE NUMBER, BABY
I'LL CALL
YOU SOMETIME
HELLO, BRAD.
(sighing )
VERY NICE.
JIM.
BRAD ?
YEAH.
YOU LOOK...
DIFFERENT FROM THE AD.
THAT'S FROM '91.
I'VE BEEN MEANING
TO UPDATE IT.
I'VE JUST BEEN...
YOU KNOW, BUSY.
YOU'RE...
ALMOST 20 MINUTES LATE.
MY PREVIOUS APPOINTMENT
RAN A LITTLE OVER.
WHAT CAN I SAY,
BRAD'S A BUSY BOY.
HOW MUCH ?
YOU'RE NOT
A COP, RIGHT ?
NO, I'M NOT A COP.
'CAUSE IF YOU ARE,
THAT'S ENTRAPMENT.
I'M NOT A COP.
YOU ARE KIND
OF CUTE.
THANK YOU.
$200...
GETS YOU A PONY RIDE ALL
THE WAY TO THE MOON AND BACK.
UP FRONT.
NOW, WOULD BE
A GOOD TIME.
ALL I'VE GOT
IS $80.
FINE, FINE.
FINE.
WHERE DO YOU WANT
TO GO, JIMBO ?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHERE ARE
YOU STAYING ?
I'M NOT TAKING YOU
BACK TO MY ROOM.
OKAY.
DON'T WANT TO WAKE
THE WIFE, I GET IT.
THEN...
WHERE DO YOU
WANT TO DO THIS ?
OH, YEAH.
YEAH.
JIMBO, GIVE IT TO ME.
YEAH, YEAH !
YOU LIKE THAT,
DON'T YOU, FAGGOT ?
OH, YEAH.
( moaning )
( sirens )
OKAY, BOYS,
PARTY'S OVER.
WHEN YOU'RE
DONE THERE, SALLY,
YOU'RE ALLOWED
ONE PHONE CALL.
HE'S ALL YOURS.
THAN KS.
THANKS FOR COMING.
I DIDN'T KNOW
WHO ELSE TO CALL.
YOU OKAY ?
I'M FINE.
YOU DIDN'T THINK YOU'D
GET CAUGHT DOING SOMETHING
THIS FUCKED UP ?
I WASN'T THINKING.
CLEARLY.
WERE YOU
USING CONDOMS ?
I WAS DRUNK,
I WAS VERY DRUNK.
YOU'RE LUCKY I HAD A COUPLE
CONNECTIONS WITH THE VEGAS P.D.
ALL THE CHARGES
ARE BEING DROPPED
AND YOUR FILE'S
BEING TOSSED.
NEXT TIME YOU WON'T
BE THIS LUCKY.
THANK YOU FOR
DOING THIS.
DAVID, I DID THIS
BECAUSE I LOVE YOU.
BUT I WON'T
EVER DO IT AGAIN.
THIS SHIT ISN'T GOOD
FOR EITHER ONE OF US.
YOU NEED TO GET
YOURSELF SOME HELP.
GOODBYE, DAVID.
HEY, HEY, WHAT IS IT,
WHAT'S WRONG ?
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT
WITH THE BABY.
WHAT ?
C'MON, LET'S GO.
I'LL CALL YOUR SISTER.
WE'LL BRING JULIO
OVER LATER ON.
HEY, YOU.
LATE NIGHT ?
NOT REALLY.
WE TRIED CALLING
YOUR ROOM THIS MORNING.
BUT YOU DIDN'T
SEEM TO BE IN.
I MUST'VE BEEN
IN THE SHOWER.
DID YOU HAVE FUN
WITH THE GUYS ?
I SUPPOSE SO.
FROM A PURELY
ANTH ROPOLOGICAL STANDPOINT.
DO YOU MIND
DRIVING ?
OKAY.
THANK YOU.
LET'S GET THE HELL
OUT OF HERE.
I THINK SOMEBODY
GOT LUCKY LAST NIGHT.
THIS IS GOOD, YEAH.
YOU HAVE
BEEN PRACTICING.
PRACTICING.
I AM A GRADUATE.
THE LEARNING ANNEX ?
WOW, I HEAR THAT SCHOOL'S
REALLY HARD TO GET INTO.
ROBBIE, GO TAKE
CARE OF CUSTOMER.
TODAY, RUTH IS GOING TO
DO ALL THE ARRANGEMENT.
NIKOLAI, GET YOUR HEAD OUT OF
YOUR PANTS FOR TWO SECONDS.
THAT DIPLOMA
MEANS NOTHING.
IT JUST MEANS SHE PLUNKED DOWN
A COUPLE HUNDRED DOLLARS.
HAVE YOU GOT DIPLOMA
FROM FLOWER CLASS ?
I HAVE BEEN ARRANGING
PROFESSIONALLY
FOR ALMOST 20 YEARS.
GOOD, TODAY RUTH
DOES ARRANGEMENT.
( laughing )
WHERE'S YOUR MOM ?
SHE DROVE HOME TODAY 'CAUSE
SHE HAD TO GO INTO WORK.
THEY SAID I MIGHT BE
GETTING OUTTA HERE
THIS AFTERNOON, THOUGH.
WHAT ARE YOU-- ?
SHH.
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
THERE'S AN ADORABLE
SHOT OF YOU.
THERE'S LIKE THREE OF YOU
WITH THAT COWBOY HAT GUY.
OH, YEAH ?
BY THE WAY,
I SLEPT WITH HIM.
WAS THAT WRONG ?
AW, MAN, YOU TOOK ONE
OF ME IN THE SHOWER ?
COME ON.
YOU LOOKED SO CUTE,
I HAD TO.
WHAT ?
COME ON, IT CAN'T
BE THAT BAD.
OH, FUCK.
OH, FUCK, BILLY !
OH, SHIT.
( sobbing )
VITALS ARE GOOD.
OKAY, WE'RE
ALMOST THERE.
HOW WE DOING,
MRS. DIAZ ?
FINE.
ALMOST GOT HIM.
HIM ?
YUP, THAT'S RIGHT.
I HATE TO SPOIL THE SURPRISE,
BUT YOU HAVE ANOTHER SON.
IT'S A BOY, BABY,
DID YOU HEAR THAT ?
I KNEW IT WAS
GONNA BE A BOY.
SHUT UP.
HEART RATE'S
DROPPING.
OKAY, LET'S
GET HIM OUT.
PULL THE CATHETER.
HERE YOU GO.
IS THE CORD
COMPRESSED ?
YUP, CLAMP.
BREATHE, COME ON.
SUCTION.
HEY...
WHERE ARE THEY
TAKING HIM ?
JUST TO HEAT HIM
UP A LITTLE.
HAVE YOU PICKED
OUT A NAME YET ?
AUGUSTO,
AFTER MY FATHER.
IS THERE SOMETHING
WRONG WITH MY BABY ?
WE'RE JUST GONNA
WARM HIM UP,
MAKE SURE
HIS AIRWAYS ARE CLEAR.
( baby crying )
IS HE OKAY ?
HE'S GONNA BE
JUST FINE.
ARE YOU SURE ?
I'M POSITIVE.
YOU SWEAR ON
A STACK OF BIBLES ?
OKAY, AUGUSTO.
IT'S TIME TO
MEET THE PARENTS.
HELLO, AUGUSTO.
HE LOOKS JUST
LIKE JULIO.
HE IS SO
PISSED OFF.
CAN I GRAB HIM ?
OKAY.
HERE WE GO.
HEY.
Captions Copyright 2001
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, LP.
Captioned by
HBO COMMUNICATIONS CENTER